Add best practices for managing content (#3004)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_best-practices-for-activation-keys.adoc

[id="best-practices-for-activation-keys_{context}"]
= Best practices for activation keys

> * {Team} recommends using a single activation key per use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create an activation key for each use case.
Sentence explaining why this is a good idea.
```
We tend not to use "{Team} recommends" in d/s docs. Now we just say, "Do this", and tell them why, even if it's really obvious, like "use meaningful names so that you can figure out what your keys are for" :-)

> * Use meaningful names for activation keys to indicate the content and lifecycle environment, for example `{client-os-context}-webserver`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use a naming convention for activation keys to indicate the content and lifecycle environment, for example, `{client-os-context}-webserver`.
```

[id="best-practices-for-activation-keys_{context}"]
= Best practices for activation keys

> * Use a single activation key per use case.

Author: Applied.
